This is a mirror of http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1483

marklar.vim is designed for gvim. It is used daily on both gvim and an 8 color
xterm terminal (Terminal.app on os x).  The colors are designed to take full
advantage of gvim while still being recognizable (and useful) in the limited
color environment.

The colors are chosen with regard to contrast, semantics and use. 

For general reading, a medium contrast colors that minimize eye strain.

In situations where immediate attention to change is appropriate, strong stark
contrast. Errors, warnings, mode labels, for example.

Elements of the interface (or bits that vim wants to hide, like IGNORE), low
contrast.

For example, in diff mode, a blue-tinted background indicates added text, a
red-tinted background indicates deleted text. For incsearch, a yellow-tint
shows the match in progress. 

Green is the reference color, two specific shades, in rgb: text=#71C293
background=#06544a.

If the background and foreground color of your terminal can be set to these
colors, this colorscheme will work, even for terminals that only have 8 color
support. Terminal.app on os x is an example.  I am sure there are others.

Green is the easiest color for human eyes to see. By easiest, I mean that there
are far more green frequency color receptors in the retina than the blue or red
ones. Early monotone computer monitors chose green phosphors for this reason. I
started this scheme based on a memory of an old hp monitor, but I ended up with
a color that reminds me of a green chalkboard.

I use vim and its syntax highlighting to catch mistakes and recognize patterns
in code. As I expand my use of vim as a tool, I make adjustments to contrasts.
Colors are completely a matter of taste, but this colorscheme has been designed
incrementally from constant use. I hope you will try it.

-- new -- 

Optional Settings.  (requires vim7) 

Works much like options in vim, except using :Marklar in place of :set. A few
examples should make it clear.

    :Marklar        <- displays a list of available options
    :Marklar bold!  <- toggles the setting of the bold option
    :Marklar bold?  <- queries the value of the bold option
    :Marklar bold 1 <- sets the bold option to 1 (on).

The options:

    bold   <- activates bold for a group of commonly used highlight regions.
    ignore <- toggles Ignore region between nearly and completely invisible.

The default settings are : bold 0, ignore 1. If you prefer different defaults
use the :Marklar command in your .vimrc file, to set your preferences.

